Dev Task - XSOAR Linter + Validate: detect hard coded "http" URLs (#2121)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Removed the validation of a subtype change in integrations and scripts from **validate**.

> * Added a validation to the **validate** command to make sure we are using the https protocol in the defaultvalue of the url parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, making sure `https`-prefix values are used when setting defaultvalue, rather than the discuraged `http`.
```

> * Added a **validate** check, making sure `https`-prefix values are used when setting defaultvalue, rather than the discuraged `http`.
> * Added a check to the **lint** command for finding hard coded usage of the http protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, warning when the discouraged `http` prefixes are used when setting defaultvalue, rather than `https`.
* Added a check to the **lint** command for finding hard-coded usage of the http protocol.
```

> * Added a check to the **lint** command for finding hard coded usage of the http protocol.

Reviewer: just finding, or fixing too?

Author: Some times we cannot use the https protocol, so fixing it won't solve it

* Removed the validation of a subtype change in integrations and scripts from **validate**.
* Fixed an issue where **download** did not behave as expected when prompting for a version update. Reported by @K-Yo

> * Added a **validate** check, warning when the discouraged `http` prefixes are used when setting defaultvalue, rather than `https`.

Author: the validate func produces an error, I'll change the CHANGELOG accordingly
